Expand on pages, table extension, and add OnAfterGetRecord trigger (#2294)
MicrosoftDocs/dynamics365smb-devitpro-pb: dev-itpro/performance/performance-developer.md

### Pattern - Do less

One way to speed up things is to reduce the amount of work that the system must do. For example, to reduce slowness of role centers, consider how many page parts are needed for the user. Another benefit of a simple page with few UI elements can also be ease of use and navigation.

> Remove calculated fields from lists if they aren't needed, especially on larger tables. Setting the field's properties to Enabled or Visiable to false is not enough, the field definition needs to be removed from the page or page extension definition. Also, if indexing is inadequate, calculated fields can significantly slow down a list page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Remove calculated fields from lists if they aren't needed, especially on larger tables. Setting the field's properties to Enabled or Visible to false is not enough, the field definition needs to be removed from the page or page extension definition. Also, if indexing is inadequate, calculated fields can significantly slow down a list page.
```

### Table extension impact on performance

> Table extensions are seperate tables in the database and therefore need to be joined together in the data stack when accessed via a record. With tables extensions being stored individually, the amount of joins necessary grows with the number of table extensions extending a table. Togther with the current inability to define indexes that span base and extension fields, one should avoid splitting ones code into too many table extensions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Table extensions are seperate tables in the database and therefore need to be joined together in the data stack when accessed via a record. With tables extensions being stored individually, the amount of joins necessary grows with the number of table extensions extending a table. Together with the current inability to define indexes that span base and extension fields, one should avoid splitting one's code into too many table extensions.
```
